[Music]
love
that's the dream right
hey i'm lucy
i just want to know everything about you
now today
in this moment where we're both
meant to be
[Music]
up and adam so we planned for you to
meet her she suggested this amazing thai
place devin
it's been way over an hour maybe
something happened to her this is
it she's not here
what do you want me to say you're sick
you know that you're sick hey
devin she is real she's as real as you
and i and if she isn't then
i'll rip a girl i like her she's smart
funny shall we thank you
i didn't make her up i know you didn't
what do they think you wrote the note
yourself
meet me in sydney what are you waiting
for kid
he's trying to find her who
i'll see you soon
she saved my life to survive this world
surrender to the chaos
[Music]
come on come on come on here please
you have to try and get better where's
my brother where's nikki
have you ever thought about what it's
like for me you know i understand no one
understands
embrace your destiny
have you ever loved somebody i really
love them
you